Sun Jumper 0.5.5


This file will be used to give any information regarding
playing the game, whether it would be controls or
how the game elements work. This file will be updated
with each progress update with new information each time.

The Player: They are controlled with W, A, and D. The S
button will be given functionality in the future.
W is to jump, A is to go to the left, and D is to go to
the right. If you press the spacebar, the player will 
swing their sword, and it will create a white slash
in front of them, and will defeat most enemies that it
touches.

The Enemy (No name given): They will attempt to block
you from progressing, and will copy your jumps at the
exact moment you make them. They will also follow you,
whether it would be from the left or right. If you get
hit by the enemy, you will respawn either at the original
spawn location, or at a checkpoint flag.

The Flag: Flags like this one will serve as checkpoints 
throughout the game, all one must do to unlock that 
checkpoint is to touch it. This will make it so whenever
you get hit by an enemy, you will always respawn at that 
checkpoint flag.

The Cloud: Clouds are a type of platform that will be seen
heavily in the game, it serves as a regular platform when 
jumped on, but when jumping off a cloud, it will disappear.
There are plans to have different types of clouds, symbolized
by their color.

The Spring: Springs are just one type of powerup seen in the
game. When collected, the Player character will gain a
higher jump. Currently, there is no way for this effect to
wear off.

The Life Counter: At the top left corner of the screen,
there is a counter with a number next to it. This will show
you how many lives you have. The default amount of lives you
will have will be 3. In the future, there will be an item that
will add lives to the counter. Once you run out of lives, you
will get a GAME OVER. In this state, none of the controls will
operate, nothing will move, and in order to get out of this
state, you will have to refresh the game.

The Shadowling: These are a type of enemy that will follow the
player as long as they are not seen, and will freeze in place
when looked at. Touching this enemy will make you lose a life.

The Flame: These are enemies that can't be defeated, and serve
as more of an obstacle than an actual enemy. They bounce up and
down in one spot, and causes damage when touched.

The Conveyor Belts: A type of obstacle that moves the player
in high speeds when stood on. The direction is shown by the
direction of the arrow.

The Ladder: This is the "Goal system" of the game, when touched,
the player will move to the next level. Or in this stage, just
increase the level counter.